this is a typical desktop computer it
has various buttons and ports on the
front and back of the computer case
we're going to go over some of the most
common ones which you'll find on most
desktop computers let's start with the
front of the case most desktop computers
have the power button on the front
although some all-in-one computers put
it on the back behind the screen your
computer will probably have an optical
disc drive also known as a cd-rom or
dvd-rom drive this has either a tray or
a slot where you can insert a CD DVD or
even a blu-ray disc if it's a newer
computer if you have blank cd-r or DVD
are discs you can write or burn data
onto them for convenience your computer
may have audio ports and USB ports on
the front that makes it easier to plug
in your phone headphones or USB flash
drive you can also find audio and USB
ports on the back of the computer you'll
usually have several USB ports so you
can plug in all of the peripherals that
you need the power socket is also found
on the back and this is where you'll
connect the power cord to connect your
computer to the internet you can use an
Ethernet cable to connect your Ethernet
port to your modem or router and this
port looks a lot like a telephone port
but it's a little bit wider you'll use
your computer's monitor port to connect
the monitor there are many different
types of monitor ports this computer has
a VGA port but your computer may have a
different kind such as DVI or HDMI
expansion slots allow you to upgrade
your computer by adding expansion cards
for example you can add a graphics card
to get better gaming performance many
computers use ps2 ports to connect the
mouse and keyboard the mouse port is
usually green and the keyboard port is
usually purple but if you have a USB
mouse and keyboard then you won't need
to use these ports finally some
computers have a serial port and a
parallel port for connecting to older
peripherals such as printers but today
most devices use the USB ports instead
so those are the main types of buttons
and ports that you'll find on a desktop
computer your computer may have the
ports in different places and it may
even have a different type of port but
chances are most of these basic parts
are there